m
M: Yes
when we take a look at Jesus' prayer life
undoubtedly we find an important challenge
since it represents a role model in our Christian life
when we come to Jesus with a successful ministry
preaching with authority to the crowds
doing great miracles
saná - fermoselle veranda the demoniacs
the obligatory question is how he did it
and the first answer we can give is
good is that jesus was the son of god
but nevertheless
the bible shows us that Jesus only used resources
that are also at our disposal
among them the prayer
let's see the gospel of Lucas
which shows us the ad hoc human of Jesus
shows us a Jesus identified with man
and it shows us a Jesus who reveals his emotions
but it also shows us a Jesus
ravine
the first moment of prayer is found in lucas 3 21 22
It happened that when all the people were baptized
Jesus was also baptized
and praying the sky opened
and descended from the holy spirit on the sea triumph as by air like dove
and there came a voice from heaven that said
you are my beloved son
I have complacency in you
this moment describes the exact meaning of the sentence
is the key that opens the doors of heaven
describes prayer as the means that leads us to the presence of
communion with the heavenly father
in which we can hear your voice
in those moments of prayer when the Holy Spirit descends on our
lives
and help us
another moment of Jesus' prayer we find him in lucas 5 15 16
but his fame spread to more and more
and a lot of people met to run away
and so that they are born of their diseases
more than he moved away to desert places and I grada
this passage describes a Jesus with a tight schedule
but in spite of that, taking time to pray
are the moments in our lives or now that our ministry in the
which we hurry to work with the dangerous possibility
and put the prayer aside
are the moments when we get stuck in activities
and we fall into a religious activism
that only leads us to competition with each other
forgetting about our communion with the father
Another moment of Jesus' prayer is described by Lucas 6 12 13
in those days he was almonte now
and he spent the night praying to God
and when he drinks
he called his disciples from and chose 12 of them whom he also called
apostles
and that uses choosing the team that would be in charge of giving continuity
to the gospel after his departure
without a doubt a transcendental decision
for which it took all night
In our life
come moments of making big and important decisions
in which we have to intensify our prayer
maybe
not now I walk all night
maybe yes
but understanding that there are times when we should emphasize the
prayer for a particular cause
one more episode of prayer
they are lucas 9 32
and Pedro
and those who were with him
we were rendered sleepy
more staying awake
they saw the glory of Jesus
this passage shows us there are no jesus
if not the disciples
crown
actually which many of us face
the difficulty of praying in the middle of the daily hustle
of work activity
of family responsibilities
and the effort that must be carried out to take a daily prayer time
despite fatigue and fatigue
the moments when the battle between the flesh and the spirit arises
but overcoming everything
and reaching victory
the last moment of prayer is found in lucas 22 39 40
leaving he left
as he used to
The Mount of Olives and his disciples also followed him
when he arrived at that place he told them
Do not enter into temptation
the message is clear enough
prayer as a weapon of defense against the daily temptations of which
we face
the moment prayer becomes a vitamin to strengthen
the spirit
and overcome the moments when the enemy launches said holmes against our life
prayer is an act of dedication but also of discipline
the prayer is not a mystical fact it is a consequence of chance
on the contrary it implies daily effort and determination
but it also means entering into a dimension of God's presence
where he reveals his heart
and remember
if Jesus had mercy
how much more
we